README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://placehold.co/1500x450" />
  <h3><b>Your Name</b></h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Linters](#linters)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Ruby on Rails Template <a name="about-project"></a>

**Ruby on Rails Template** description...

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.tailwindcss.com/">TailwindCSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Key Feature**
- **Key Feature**
- **Key Feature**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Install <a name="install"></a>

Install this project with:

```sh
  bundle install
  npm install
```

### Usage <a name="usage"></a>

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server
```

And to execute this with TailwindCSS:

```sh
  ./bin/dev
```

### Linters <a name="linters"></a>

Use this command to fix **Rubocop Linter** Errors:

```sh
  rubocop -A
```

Use this command to fix **Stylelint** Errors:

```sh
  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix
```

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@rysthcraft](https://github.com/Rysth)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-palacios-rysthcraft)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Future Feature**
- [ ] **Future Feature**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thanks to my family members for supporting me during Microverse, and their team.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update project description and author information

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./app/assets/images/banner.jpg" />
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Linters](#linters)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Rails - Budget Tracker <a name="about-project"></a>

**Budget Tracker** is a user-friendly budget management application developed with Rails 7, TailwindCSS, and ERB, designed to simplify your financial tracking experience. Whether you're a seasoned budgeter or just starting, Budget Tracker empowers you to effortlessly manage your finances, categorize transactions, and gain insights into your spending patterns. 📊💸

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.tailwindcss.com/">TailwindCSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- User-Friendly Interface
- Easy Category Creation
- Effortless Transaction Recording
- Real-Time Total Amount Display
- Responsive Design with TailwindCSS
- Secure and Private

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Install <a name="install"></a>

Install this project with:

```sh
  bundle install
  npm install
```

### Usage <a name="usage"></a>

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server
```

And to execute this with TailwindCSS:

```sh
  ./bin/dev
```

### Linters <a name="linters"></a>

Use this command to fix **Rubocop Linter** Errors:

```sh
  rubocop -A
```

Use this command to fix **Stylelint** Errors:

```sh
  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix
```

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Karim Barragan**

- GitHub: [@Rebelzob](https://github.com/Rebelzob)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/karim-barragan/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Set and Achieve Budget Goals
- [ ] Visualize Your Finances with Custom Reports
- [ ] Seamlessly Sync with External Accounts
- [ ] Receive Personalized Expense Reminders

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

Special thanks to [Gregoire Vella](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) from providing us with an excellent resource from their Behance account.
Also, I would like to thanks to my family members for supporting me during Microverse, and their team.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
